Greetings
Why should muslims convert from Islam to christianity?
Number one
Christianity is very Logical "it makes sense"
it says that God is the father, the son and the holy ghost.and they are all one not three!
and they believe that God comes in a form of a man and live with people and they beat him and kill him
the bible is a really wonderful book and very heart touching
it's so influencing.one of these influencing texts says
"we have a younger sister that doesn't have breasts"
"so what should we do for her when she gets engaged"
such a big problem!! "sarcastic"
such influencing words that touches your heart "sarcastic"
another text says
"and she showed her legs to whoever passes by"
see how wonderful the words are!
once you read that you will know that it has to be the true word of God "sarcastic"
and those are two reasons why everybody should convert to christianity "sarcastic"